all right guys what is up with his f
smart 101 here in before i start with
today's app review of night sky 2 on the
first to you guys about the school thing
hey guys i just saw this really unique
youtube channel where you can find all
kinds of quirky video game skits and
mashups here's a clip roll clip now
subscribe and you'll see video game
machinima and hilarity all rolled into
one what are you waiting for cry cry
subscribe and welcome to my channel the
channel is called I Beckham and he wants
me to tell you there's plenty more where
that came from click here on the screen
right now to watch the full skit and be
sure to subscribe alright so here we are
in the main menu all right up here we
have searched I'll go back into that in
a second you can see here on the side we
have a few different options we have we
can share this app with our friends
stuff like that okay down in the bottom
corner we have settings where we'll
actually be able to turn different
things on and off you can see here we
can turn on sound effects here's
basically all the different things you
can do alright so right here we can turn
compass interface on and off we can
recalibrate it that's how you move the
device and find different stars here's a
reality you can see whatever you're
looking at right now through the camera
screen you'll actually be able to
actually see it on the app I'm going to
turn that off because I don't really
like that we have night visibility mode
I'm just going to turn that off but you
can see it's changing colors just to
make it easier to see okay we can turn
satellites satellites on or off I'll
just leave them on here you can see it
we can turn the sky tracking on or off
I'll just turn that back on ok we have
3d earth mode world will be actually
will actually be able to look through
the earth different constellations and
stuff I'll turn I'll go back to Sky mode
alright so here on the side this is my
personal favorite about the application
you see up at the top we have sky info
this will tell us basically what days
the weather is going to be like so you
can see friday we can see if it's going
to be a full moon or not whatever day we
want to.we it will say whether it's a
three quarter moon or whatever it's
going to be it says the day length
sunrise sunset and height alright so
we'll just go back ok and I'm actually
going to show you the next one
here so you can see we can actually join
the community which actually cost extra
but that allows us to actually talk
about sky grazing with other people who
have this application this is my
favorite part about the application we
can actually see on what days it's going
to be best to start star Gray's you can
see Friday's going to be poor Saturday's
going to be fair Sunday's going to be
poor in Monday's going to be good
sometimes it's great those are the days
i like to go out you can see if it's
going to rain here what chance it is you
can see it's really likely it's going to
rain it's 90s the whole week it will
tell you the temperature pretty much
everything you want to know how many
clouds are going to be in the sky
anything a stargazer would really care
about okay so now that we've won over
that I'm going to show you a little bit
of the app so you can see these are all
satellites here we can move our device
around and check out different things we
can also go right here in the search we
can check out constellations planets
stars satellites we can also search here
let's search for a let's see
it's actually search for
cancel okay so we're here on
constellations let's keep going down now
we're on stars let's see let's see one
everyone would know here's planets here
you can see mercury if we wanted to
check out like the moon we just click on
it we can check out info on the moon or
find the location of the moon we'll just
I'll just show you guys info on the moon
really quick so you guys can see here
it's like a Wikipedia page four stars
satellites constellations anything you
want to know about you can see you
pretty much have everything you could
want you have the value mass everything
then it will give us a little
description of the actual moon or
whatever you're looking up there at the
bottom ok we'll just actually click on
the moon again we can find the location
of the move moon on the application you
can see the arrows directing me to go
down there ok so we'll just so you can
see how the arrows directing me I'm not
going to show it to you guys it's hard
to show you on camera but you guys get
the idea on what to do overall I give
night sky to four stars out of five if
you're in a star grazing it's a must
have for any star grazer it will give
you the weather whether it's a good
night to ghosts are grazing everything
you could possibly want it will tell you
where constellations are satellites plan
it's everything you would ever want to
know I definitely recommend you check it
out if you're in stars alright guys
please follow me on Twitter for updates
also don't forget to click that yellow
button down below let subscribe that
just lets me know you guys enjoy my
videos it's completely free off you all
you have to have is an account on
YouTube